i'm vlogging my day hi taj morning
[Music]
we are now off to our shoot location
here is my sofa where can i hide in here
we have my toilet
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning um it's very early in the
morning
didn't even tell my eyes but i have just
woken up i'm in base camp
um not mount everest but of the
syndicate um but we are up in leeds so i
mean it's not far off this is my humble
abode
whilst i'm here here's my outfits my
jewelry box and all my little trink
clips that i wear
and this here is my sofa in here
we have my toilet it's my fifth week i
think on
set of the syndicate um playing the
character of sam
my first first ever on-screen acting
role
breakfast has arrived what are we going
for what do we go for in the end
porridge some good northern oats lovely
stuff
porridge and cinnamon how about that get
out down your lad
right i've eaten the oats it's now time
to get into character
good morning next day uh different day
now
if i thought it was getting cold last
time today's getting worse
it's like full-on flooding i've got the
old thermals today and as you can
probably tell
i've not been through hair makeup yet as
well
this side of my hair kind of has this
side however
it's like actual straw but luckily the
hair makeup team are on hand to help me
out
although i've been saying that a lot of
it i've got to do myself because of
you know covert social distancing all
that kind of thing so i've really
learned to get my beauty guru on
and um and uh make myself look beautiful
hi guys and welcome to my beauty channel
with me joe sugg and marcus hello
who's gonna sort my first thing in the
first of the day get this tattoo on it's
taking my old tattoo off oh my god that
comes off so much quicker pure alcohol
than me scrubbing it in the shower for
for a week let that soak in for a minute
i'll let you do your makeup
right okay this is the real this is the
real challenge although
because of the people i've been around
for the last
nine years on youtube i have a rough
idea
liberty i'm vlogging say hello oh i'm
vlogging my day
hi we're blogging we're blogging oh god
my no makeup face is gonna be vlogged i
can do it for you if you want
there's so much pressure now because the
camera's going you watch
it's been one time
here we go moment of truth
[Laughter]
oh
[Music]
i'm not going to say anything because
it'll be quite funny
i thought that feels better that feels
better it does it does
yes look at that
did it work yes yes
oh it's the best one yet isn't it oh
we wouldn't use that oh not nearly
nearly the best one yet i like that
taj morning next day of filming look who
we are
we're going for a bungee jump on the
lock bridge pair of makeup ready
we are now off to our shoot location
which i'm guessing it's below us there's
people down there
oh and those people down there and that
right there
is seen complete
[Music]
i feel like i've been through it in that
scene i'm not going to give you any
spoilers but um
it doesn't end well i did get i did get
put through it quite a lot
you handled it yeah we're friendly like
a true trooper
a little little uh outfit change
although in saying that
you wouldn't really notice sat my
character sam he um
he has a very distinct taste in outfit
choices which is usually
a vest top a flannel shirt his favorite
i think only denim jacket and of course
the trademark um beanie hat
i've got another scene i think next week
but i think this is the penultimate
scene
so this just one more left my last day
of school
is looming already i'm dreading it i've
really really enjoyed it and i don't
want to leave
in fact i'm not going to leave but we're
going to hide the weather has taken a
turn
this is that classic yorkshire weather
light shower
and uh fun fact when i get cold uh
especially in this vest i'm wearing my
nipples go
i get a ping on my so i've had to put on
what they're called nipple pads nibble
covers
i've got the nipple covered got my tip
tape on right i'm back now
from a dance filming
i just realized
oh no it's gonna be so painful to take
off
oh